I'll tell you the truth. I want you to do me a favor.
How many people from each of your Jiang family can help?
First, you are not allowed to tell anyone that I am not sick.
Second, there was a car accident in the Jiang family twenty years ago.
I feel more and more now that there is something fishy about this car accident.
Not like a night, like a person.
I want you to help me find out who did it.
Why should I help you?
If you confiscate these, within two days,
I will be kicked out of the Jiang family by my aunt and second uncle.
But if you accept these,
I will be kicked out of the Jiang family tonight.
But you just took advantage of others
Make others think you are someone who can be taken advantage of
But I don’t have the heart to do those dark things
I think you can help me
You want me to help you?
I have nothing to gain
Just a broken stone
No sincerity at all
Start today
You are the wife of Jiang Mian, the future heir of the Jiang family.
No one in the entire Lingjiang clan dares to bully you.
It’s a deal
Now that we are legally married
Otherwise, how about going through the process?